Added support for custom templates (#439)
quarkiverse/quarkus-openapi-generator: README.md

See the module [type-mapping](integration-tests/type-mapping) for an example of how to use this feature.

## Template Customization

You have the option to swap out the [templates used by this extension](deployment/src/main/resources/templates/libraries/microprofile) with your customized versions. To achieve this, place your custom templates under the `resources/templates` directory. It's crucial that the filename of each custom template matches that of the original template.

You can find an example of using customized templates in [integration-tests/custom-templates](integration-tests/custom-templates).

### **⚠️** Important

> While the option to replace templates exists, it's essential to exercise caution and consider this as a final resort. Prior to altering templates, exhaust all possibilities of achieving your objectives through configuration settings. Modifying templates could have broader implications on the extension's functionality and may introduce complexities. Only resort to template replacement when configuration adjustments prove insufficient for your requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the option to replace templates exists, it's essential to exercise caution and consider this as a final resort. Prior to altering templates, exhaust all possibilities of achieving your goals through configuration settings. Modifying templates could have broader implications for the extension's functionality and may introduce complexities. Only resort to template replacement when configuration adjustments prove insufficient for your requirements.
```
